( sniffing )
( coughing )
MALE 1:
Raimus isn't going to
be happy about this.
MALE 2:
What are you
going to do?
MALE 3:
I don't know.
Don't you mean what
are we going to do?
Raimus told you to
get the merchandise.
MALE 3:
I'll figure
something out.
You better.
I said I'll
figure it out.
I'm hungry.
Let's have Krellan food.
No. Last time, that
gave me heartburn.
That's because
you eat too fast.
I eat when I'm hungry
and when I'm hungry,
I eat fast.
If you're not careful,
that appetite of yours
is going to kill you someday.
Don't get your hopes up.
Hey!
We're using
that com booth.
Go.
MALE 3:
Order some nozala
sandwiches.
Computer accessed.
COMPUTER:
Get them to deliver
some extra vilm sauce.
Who should I bill this time?
I don't care
who pays for it,
just so long
as it isn't us.
How about the police?
No.
for last night's dinner.
We billed them
Municipal sanitation?
Do you have
their account code?
I will...
in a minute.
( gasps )
Krole!
Don't touch him!
Don't!
He's being spiked!
( gasping )
You all right?
They spiked him.
They spiked him
over a free lunch!
What's this city
coming to?
Look at this! Fused.
Too bad.
That's an expensive piece
of hardware.
What are we going to do?
Don't you mean
what is Krole
going to do?
I can't go to Raimus
and ask him to pay
for a replacement.
Well, it might not be
as bad as it seems.
Are you saying you can fix it?
Depends.
On what?
How much you're willing to pay.
( chuckles )
Do you know who I am?
No.
Well, if you did,
you wouldn't ask that.
Oh. All right.
Who are you?
Listen, Mister, um...?
Connelly.
Yeah, I've seen you around here
these last few weeks.
You're always in here
tinkering around
with one piece of junk
or another,
which tells me
that things are not going
too well for you.
Now, here's
my advice to you.
Give it!
You take these...
tomorrow morning fixed
you bring them back
and polished.
Tomorrow morning it is.
( chuckles )
Bilby asked me to
fix these for him.
I'm impressed.
I don't think anyone's
managed to make contact
with the Orion Syndicate
so quickly.
How'd you do it?
I spiked one of his men
while he was interfacing.
That was
a risky thing to do.
Well, maybe...
but I had to get noticed.
I want to get this mission
over with and go home.
I realize you didn't
exactly volunteer for this.
Believe me, I wish we hadn't
been forced to turn to someone
outside Starfleet Intelligence
for help.
Me, too.
The Syndicate killed
another one of our undercover
operatives last week.
That makes five
in the last year.
We need you to find out
who their informant
in Starfleet is.
Once you give me the name,
I'll put you on the
next transport home.
( glass shattering )
So, what do you
want me to do now?
Bilby's going to check
into your background.
Whatever he finds
will confirm
that you're a fix-it man
down on your luck.
Stick to that cover.
The Syndicate is always looking
for people with your skills.
Bilby offers you more work,
take it.
Get as close to him
as possible.
Right.
O'Brien.
Don't take any more
unnecessary risks.
These are dangerous men.
If they find out who you are,
they'll kill you.
Excuse me, Major. I--
Major, I'm sorry--
Go ahead.
I need a--
something--
There's
You first, then you.
All right.
Hmm.
I need an engineering crew
to run a diagnostic
on the internal
security sensors.
There's been an unusual number
of false alarms lately.
as soon as possible.
I'll have someone
take a look at it
Now, Quark.
There's something's wrong
with the fire-suppression
system in the bar.
a flaming cocktail,
Every time I serve
the system engages
and snuffs it out.
I'll put it on the list.
Please do.
You have no idea what
people are willing to pay
for a glass of
burning alcohol.
Oh, let me guess.
Excuse me.
Major--
There's a malfunction
in the Infirmary.
How did you know?
( sighs )
Major, there is something wrong
with the turbolift.
I can see that.
a lot of system glitches.
We seem to be having
Chief O'Brien goes away.
Happens every time
I do not understand
why his staff
cannot keep the station running
in his absence.
Must have left
my idiot brother
in charge.
The engineering
crew is doing
the best they can.
no one knows how the Chief
The problem is
keeps all this Federation
and Cardassian technology
working together.
We've got to
do something.
This can't go on.
the Chief's whereabouts.
Sorry, I can't discuss
I understand that, sir, but...
it's getting ridiculous,
isn't it?
How much longer are
we supposed to put up
with these malfunctions?
I wouldn't be surprised
You know,
if Major Kira or Commander Worf
came in here demanding answers,
It's not your style.
but you?
Apparently, it is.
Here I am.
I'm not buying it, Doctor.
You didn't come
in here to complain.
You came here because you are
worried about your friend,
and you want me to set
your mind at ease.
I wish I could.
But if it helps,
I will tell you this.
The Chief can take
care of himself
as well as anyone I know.
You're right
about that, sir.
You're right about that.
Did you fix it?
Any feedback?
Feedback gives him
a headache.
No, there's no feedback.
Well, we'll see,
won't we?
I told you.
Very impressive.
You know, if I was
a suspicious man,
I might ask myself
how a tinkerer living
in one room
on Jinami Street
managed to fix such
a complicated piece
of hardware so quickly.
Good question.
How do you know
where I live?
I know a lot
about you...
maybe more than
you want me to.
Come with me.
Where are we going?
For a walk.
Have a seat.
Not there.
Chester doesn't like
people sitting
in his chair.
( chuckling )
Don't touch anything.
( keypad beeping )
( sighs )
( pneumatic lock releasing )
( Chester meows )
Something wrong?
You tell me.
Did you think I brought you here
to kill you?
that can fix things for me?
Why would I kill someone
( chuckles )
that's been knocked around
I guess a man
as much as you have is always
expecting the worst, huh?
had to get used to the idea
Well, I've pretty much
that I've got bad luck.
Yeah, that was
a tough break on Dayos IV.
Two years for dealing
in stolen goods?
Well, I didn't know
they were stolen.
the guy I bought them from, huh?
I guess I should have asked
he'd have told you the truth?
Who's to say
Take this, for example.
My employer asked me to get him
three Klingon disruptors.
Did the man I bought them from
tell me they didn't work?
No, he did not.
Have a look.
Ah...
The induction coil
is burned out.
Can you fix it?
Sure.
Well, I'm glad to hear it.
It's going to make my employer
very happy.
with Klingon disruptors?
What does he want
I didn't ask him.
When Raimus tells
you to do something,
you just do it.
You hungry?
A little.
Have some cake.
My wife sent it.
No, thanks.
Go ahead.
It's good.
Yeah, she makes it herself.
This is her.
These are my children.
Oh...
great.
Where are they?
They're in New Sydney.
I'd love to have them
here on Farius,
but, uh, considering
the business I'm in,
it's not a good idea.
You got a family?
No.
You should.
It's the most important thing.
I send them everything.
I pay my fare to Raimus.
The rest goes straight
to my wife.
Your fare?
Yeah, to Raimus every month.
That's the way it works.
in the organization.
He's above me
You do know what organization
I'm referring to,
don't you?
I think so.
Good.
the gentlemen you met earlier?
Krole and Flith,
They're below me.
Lucky them.
If you fix
these disruptors for me,
you could be lucky, too.
That's good to know.
Don't misunderstand me.
I'm not promising you anything.
that I can trust you first.
I just need to be sure
Have some more cake.
No, thanks.
I thought you said
you were hungry.
Oh... I'm all right.
What's the matter?
Don't you like my wife's cake?
Oh, I didn't say that.
So, answer me.
Do you like my wife's cake?
( sighs )
To tell you the truth,
it's, uh...
it's a little dry.
You're right, it is.
( chuckling )
which way to jump, didn't I?
Had you wondering
You know, Krole and Flith--
the best thing they ever tasted.
they always act as if it's
Whoo.
Hey, what do you make
of that, Chester?
I've found me
an honest man.
Must be my lucky day.
The induction coils
you asked for--
courtesy of the Klingon
Ambassador to Farius.
( chuckles )
There's a Klingon
Ambassador here?
Gowron mustn't
like him too much.
Do you have any idea why Raimus
wants these disruptors?
No.
Bilby doesn't even know.
Listen, is there, uh...
I could talk to my wife,
any way
and let her know
I'm all right?
We can't risk it.
I'm sorry.
( sighs )
Better be going.
Flith...
go stand over there.
Why?
if he really fixed this.
I want to see
Very funny.
Contact Raimus.
Tell him
we have
the disruptors.
Good job.
about something.
I'm curious
How did you get a hold
of replacement parts?
Klingon technology
isn't easy to come by.
Well, you know, you...
have to know
who to go to.
Hmm. Why don't
you enlighten us,
in case we need
to procure something else?
I've got a better idea.
Why don't you stay
out of my business?
Tell us where
you got the parts.
We can always use
a good contact.
I can't.
Why not?
Well, my supplier would
rather remain anonymous.
I don't care
about your supplier.
I'm asking the question.
I told him I wouldn't.
Where did you get the parts?!
( sighs )
I stole them.
You stole them?
Yeah.
From a warehouse on,
uh, Degora Street.
Well, why didn't
you just say so?
Well, I thought it was
better if you didn't know.
You know, in case the
police caught up with me.
You lied to me
because you didn't want me
to be implicated?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Did you hear that?
He's willing
to protect me
if he gets caught.
And try hard as I may,
I can't imagine either of you
willing to do that.
( sighs )
Hey...
you know something?
I think it's time
we did something
about the way you look.
Now, that's
more like it.
I think you
look great, Connelly.
What do you think,
Krole?
He looks fine.
What are you
talking about?
I took him to the same
tailor that I use.
You look fine, too.
( door opens )
I understand...
you've been looking for me.
That's right.
I take it you're
in the market
for something.
Well, if I was, I
wouldn't buy anything
from a man that sold me
three useless disruptors.
You know me better than that.
I thought I did.
were working fine
Those disruptors
when I gave them to you.
What happened after that,
I don't know.
Perhaps you dropped them.
I want my money back.
( laughing )
You know I can't do that.
You took delivery.
something straight.
Let me get
was nothing wrong with this
You're telling me there
when you sold it to me.
That's correct.
Well, maybe I, uh...
just don't know
how to work it.
That must be it.
( screams )
Well, what do you know?
I figured it out.
Bilby--
Do you know
what would've happened
if I'd given Raimus
three useless disruptors?
He'd have killed me.
If you want your money back...
you can have it!
Why would
I want my money back?
It works fine now.
No one takes me for a fool.
I'll do whatever it takes
to protect what I have.
This life...
it isn't for everyone.
just get away from it all.
Sometimes I wish I could
But what would I do with myself?
I'm too old to start over.
Besides,
who am I to complain?
given me opportunities
The organization's
I never thought I would have.
Once you're part of it...
once you're accepted...
to what you can do
there's no limit
if you're smart about it.
Smart and careful.
Glad you're paying attention.
I mean, we got people
everywhere...
even on Earth.
Hell, we've even got a man
in Starfleet.
Come on-- Starfleet?
( chuckling )
That's correct.
Hey, would you
do me a favor?
Would you remind me
for my daughter tomorrow?
to pick up a present
She's got a birthday coming up.
Sure thing.
Oh, I want to be there.
Sure hope I can make it.
How did you get
to someone in Starfleet?
It wasn't me.
It was Raimus.
Hey...
do you want to come
to New Sydney with me,
meet my family?
Well, if you go, yeah.
How'd he do it?
What's with
all the questions?
Nothing. Uh...
I just find it hard to believe
that someone in Starfleet
could be bought.
if... he's a double agent.
Makes me wonder
A double agent?
Well, why would he have
given us the names
undercover operatives?
of all their
Don't worry.
He's the real thing.
Raimus met him when he was
vacationing on Risa last year.
Mr. Starfleet was in charge
of the weather-control system.
Raimus offered him
a very substantial
amount of money
to make it stop raining.
( chuckling )
Well, everyone has
their price, I guess.
( beeping )
It's Krole.
Raimus wants to see me.
What, in the middle
of the night?
Hmm...
Bilby.
Raimus.
I brought someone
here to meet you.
I hope I didn't get
you gentlemen
out of bed.
Bilby...
who is this?
He's someone I know.
I've never seen him before.
How well do you know him?
I know him.
Then it's settled.
Is that the extent of your
security precautions?
Bilby witnessed for him.
That's all
that's necessary.
( snickers )
If you say so.
So...
this is Bilby.
He seems
capable enough.
I told you.
I wanted to see
for myself.
You procured the
disruptors for us?
That's right.
to do something else...
We're going to ask you
something very important.
You can count on me.
I hope so.
( chuckles )
We'll contact you
when it's time.
Don't let me down.
I won't.
Raimus...
My love to your family.
( whoosh of active transport)
( sighs )
Do you know
what I just did for you?
I think so.
I witnessed for you.
If anything happens...
I'm accountable.
I understand.
Good.
Nice suit.
Bilby got it for me.
That was generous.
He's like that.
I found out
who the informer is.
Bilby told me
he was in charge
of the weather-control
system on Risa
about a year ago.
It should be easy enough
to figure out who that was.
Yeah.
Is something wrong?
Raimus brought somebody
to meet Bilby.
A Vorta.
You're telling me
that the Orion Syndicate
is working for the Dominion?
Opens up a lot of
possibilities, doesn't it?
None of them very pleasant.
So, do I get
to go home now?
Not until you find out
what's going on.
you were going to say that.
I was afraid
KROLE:
All right.
I've accessed
the bank's data files.
O'BRIEN:
I'm reading a three-tier
security protocol.
I see it.
It looks like
an isolation matrix
is protecting the data.
You'll have to bypass
the encryption lockouts.
You make it sound so easy.
for recursive dataloops.
Watch out
You don't want to get
diverted into a backflow.
I'm past the lockouts.
Sweep the matrix.
Give me an access point.
Stand by.
Go!
Initiating data transfer.
I'm trying.
KROLE:
Faster.
I can't hold the matrix
open much longer.
Hurry!
Got it!
Get us out, Krole.
Faster. They're tracing you.
The lockouts are closing.
Come on!
Move!
( gasps )
I'm out.
We did it.
Gentlemen...
the Bank of Bolias.
we just robbed
about opening an account there.
I was thinking
with a different bank.
Maybe you should go
One with better security.
( laughing )
BILBY:
What do you think?
O'BRIEN:
Very nice but, uh...
I-I don't want to,
you know...
But what?
What do you mean,
you don't want to?
I brought her
here for you.
I appreciate that, but--
But what?
you don't like girls.
Don't tell me
I have a girlfriend.
Since when?
A-a few days...
a week... I don't know.
Why didn't you say anything?
That's great.
I don't know.
It didn't come up.
( chuckling )
Listen, I understand,
to hurt this girl's feelings.
uh, but that's no reason
Um... we've got some
business to discuss,
so, uh, why don't you...
go on ahead home and...
( clears throat )
...I'll call you in a
couple of days, okay?
And thanks for coming over.
It was really nice to meet you.
So who is she?
This new girl.
Oh, her name's... Kimiko.
Where'd you meet her?
She works in a flower shop...
arranging flowers.
Well, bring her by sometime.
I'd like to meet her.
Yeah, I will.
A man your age,
you should settle down
and have a family.
It's the most
important thing.
I don't know
if it's that serious yet.
Well, you let me talk
to her for three minutes.
I'll let you know if
she's the marrying kind.
I can read people
right away--
what's in their hearts.
You, for instance.
I saw through you the first
time I laid eyes on you.
Oh, yeah?
I don't think
I've ever seen anyone so
alone in my entire life.
I said to myself,
"That man, he doesn't have
a friend in the Quadrant."
Flith and Krole--
they thought
you were a snake.
Really?
But I knew better.
When you came back
that next day
with the
dataport repaired,
that's when I knew
we're going to do
great things together.
I'm about to
take a step up
in the organization.
Raimus is giving me
an opportunity,
and I'm going to
make the best of it.
Everything's changing.
I can feel it.
And it all started
when you came along.
You changed my luck.
I thought
you'd changed mine.
to take care of you.
I'm going
I don't forget
my friends,
'cause friends...
they're like family,
and nothing's
more important.
Nothing.
( clink )
You're late.
I was beginning to worry.
Sorry.
That's all right.
I imagine the Dominion
is keeping you busy.
No, nothing's
happened with that yet.
I was just doing
something with Bilby.
Anything worth reporting?
We went to the races.
We came out ahead.
I'm glad to hear that you're
enjoying your assignment.
Well, you told me
to get close to him.
He said he wanted to go;
I went with him.
There's no need to explain.
I've been undercover.
Bilby's witnessed for me.
Sounds like you've really
got your hooks into him.
What's going to
happen to him
when you pull me out?
That's nothing that you need
to think about.
They're going to kill him,
aren't they?
Listen, Bilby chose this life.
Whatever happens to him
is his fault,
not yours.
Besides, if he's lucky,
we'll get to him
before they do.
in a Federation prison.
He'll be safe
Just help us build a good case
against him.
Right.
( laughing )
Good morning, Graife.
Raimus.
I didn't know you were coming.
I can see that.
Well, let me get you something.
Graife, make us
a strong pot of--
Bilby, not
right now.
This isn't a social visit.
Which one is it?
Wait. Don't tell me.
Let me see if I can guess.
They say you can
tell a traitor
by looking in his eyes.
Do you think
that's true, Bilby?
I wouldn't know.
Raimus, what's this all about?
If you ask me,
none of them
What does it look like?
look particularly
trustworthy.
Raimus--
Not now.
But--
I said not now.
Him.
I've been saying so
all along!
Raimus, this is crazy.
what he's talking about.
He doesn't know
to be my second guess.
He was going
W-what did he do?
Let's just say he conducted
some business on the side
I see.
and neglected to pay his fare.
It's a good thing
you never witnessed
for him,
or you'd be lying
there, too, Bilby.
( nervous chuckle )
Yeah.
Well, now that that's
out of the way,
shall we discuss
the matter at hand?
We mentioned we
might ask you
Yeah, whatever you need.
to do something for us.
Mmm. So accommodating.
He reminds me of a Jem'Hadar.
We want you
to assassinate
the Klingon Ambassador
to Farius.
And you'll
All right.
use the disruptors
you procured earlier.
O'BRIEN:
You want it to look
like he was killed
by a rival House.
Connelly!
It's all right.
Very astute.
Do you know much about
political affairs?
Not really.
Well, then, allow me
to enlighten you.
The Ambassador has
been advocating
that the Klingons break
off their alliance
with the Federation
and concentrate
on defending
the Empire against
the Dominion.
Chancellor Gowron,
on the other hand,
is adamantly committed
to the Alliance.
You're going to making it look
like Gowron ordered
the assassination.
Exactly.
The Ambassador will
be seen as a martyr
and his cause
will gain strength.
If all goes well,
the Klingons will retreat
into their own territory,
and then, all we'll
have to deal with
is the Federation.
Makes sense.
I'm glad you think so.
it is very important
Needless to say,
that the Dominion's part
in this remain secret.
If something
goes wrong,
and you're captured...
you never met our friend here.
I understand.
I knew I could count on you.
how much the Dominion
I never realized
and the Orion Syndicate
have in common.
that in both organizations...
It seems
loyalty is everything.
How are they planning
to get past the
Embassy's security?
Bilby asked me
the same thing.
I figured out a way
to interrupt the power grid
for a few seconds.
Bilby and his men
will be able to beam in
before the backup
generator kicks in.
When is this
supposed to happen?
Tonight.
I'll contact
the Klingons
so they can be
ready for them.
What are you talking about?
If the Klingons get their hands
on Bilby and his men,
they'll kill them.
That's not really our business,
is it?
You're setting them up
to be murdered?
You have things backwards.
Bilby and his friends
are the ones
that murder people, not us.
( scoffs )
We just get Klingons
to do it for us.
All I'm doing
is following
and warning our allies
procedures
assassination attempt.
about a possible
What happens after that
is not my concern,
if the Klingons go after Raimus
but believe me,
of the Orion Syndicate,
and the rest
I won't shed any tears.
I'm sure you won't.
Miles...
listen to me.
You've lost perspective.
You're starting
to sympathize
with these people.
that we're pulling you out.
It's good
Pulling me out?
on the next transport home.
We're putting you
Your assignment's over.
to make a case against Bilby.
You told me we were going
he was going to prison!
You told me
I didn't want to mislead you,
I'm sorry.
but you were starting to waver.
I needed to keep
you on track.
Come on.
Let's get you home.
Chadwick.
( grunting )
There you go, Chester.
( Chester meows )
( door chimes )
Who could that be?
Did you come
to see me off?
We need to talk.
Have to wait.
I was just leaving.
You can't go.
What are you talking about?
Look, just
trust me.
You can't go.
Why not?
It's a trap.
Listen to me!
The Klingons know
what you're planning to do.
That's impossible.
Someone traced my signal
when I accessed the power grid.
I saw you
access the grid.
You cut off the trace.
No, they just made me
think I had.
You're panicking.
Try not to
worry so much.
You're the one who should
be worried.
Do you have any idea
what the Klingons
when they catch you?
will do to you
They're not going to catch me.
Yes, they will.
will warn them you're coming.
Starfleet Intelligence
How do you know that?
I suppose you work for them.
What if I said I did?
I mean, just for a minute there,
Very good. You had me.
you were working for Starfleet.
I actually thought that
I am.
Come on.
That's enough.
You had me. I admit it.
I am working for Starfleet.
I don't want to hear that!
That's enough! I said
Do you understand me?
I don't want to hear that.
Why'd you have to come here?
Why'd you have to tell me that?
I couldn't just let you go.
The Klingons will kill you.
I'm dead already.
Can't you see that?
I witnessed for you.
Do you have any idea
what that means?
What if I get you off Farius?
Find you a place to hide?
from the Syndicate.
There's no hiding
You know that.
Well, then turn yourself in.
You'll be safe in prison.
No! They'd go
after my family!
They'd make
an example of me.
Raimus may
leave them alone
if he thinks that I died
not knowing
about you.
just let them kill you.
But you can't
What choice do I have?
( sighs )
How did I let this happen?
I should have known.
You were too good to be true.
I wanted so much to believe
that my luck had changed,
I didn't see it.
( chuckles )
for this to happen.
I never meant
I wasn't after you.
I was just trying to find out
compromised Starfleet.
how the Syndicate
I wasn't even your target.
I'm not important enough.
I suppose
I've always known
something like this
might happen.
The smart thing would be
to kill you.
I've already proved...
But I guess
I'm not too smart.
I'm sorry, Bilby.
( chuckles )
how little comfort that is.
You'll never know
If it's not too much trouble,
Chester is looked after?
will you make sure
Be good.
if I ask you something?
Do you mind
Back home--
wherever that is--
do you have a family?
Yeah.
( chuckles )
Good.
It's the most important thing.
the look on his face
I'll never forget
when he found out
who I really was.
Well, you took an enormous risk
by telling him.
He could have killed you.
I knew he wouldn't.
Well, all I can say
is that you're lucky
that Chadwick decided not
to put everything in his report.
Julian, you don't understand
what I'm trying to tell you.
Bilby trusted me.
He put his life
in my hands, and...
I killed him,
just as surely as if I'd
pulled that trigger myself.
That's not fair,
and you know it.
You did what you had to do--
your duty.
Is that what I'm supposed
to tell myself?
It is the truth.
Look, I'm sorry
that I don't have
all the answers.
All I know for sure
is that I'm glad
you're back.
( meows )